So today I show you a short time
another recipe what i am looking for
has done fast if you do not
has a lot of time to eat completely
normal the key and then the
look great on maximum level with it
that's right the panama be because
I look down his
for that I have made myself very easily
normal white rice this time somehow
I had time today relish on white rice
because every day always these these
Brown rice does not taste that either
more
and finally comes uncle ben's
again brought
like coconut curry I do that
now just mixed in the rice
with the rice a bit then comes
besides that comes chicken and
then I look the same again what is
in the freezer then I'll do it
also a little vegetable pure and it
falls to work is always again
really a little bit diverse
because to bring in the nutrition also from
taste
if you are the same every day now
be both remember then taste the well
just not that way I'm doing now
the same food and then I show
Just do it again when it's done
time for everything was now
maybe 20 minutes 25 minutes maximum
so now for the first time, it does
Unfortunately, video is a bit
I apologize
ever for that
I'll show you something very briefly
I have used exactly here and
Although I have good and medica here
cheap you see it chicken
sliced 5 109 grams for three euros
I've used a spice for this
with cupboard end of main places in
the kitchen
i have used to asia mixture for a long time
and you can not see who's recording
but I always make sure that I'm in
my spices
one that there are no flavor enhancers
or spice extract or all of this
odd terms which one as a layman
nothing else i can try that
mostly let out very well too
I can also recommend you now
also with edeka
there is the German ready spices that
nothing in it
Her looks could be absolutely pure
ingredients very important to me right now
me as a man human which everyone very much
picky on it if I'm anything with
Flavors the Markish immediately
I love you and so on
That's why I have to take special care
respect, think highly of
yes the cockerel maybe I have with
mixed with the spice then I still have
a bit of olive oil added to that
all because as I said at the highest level
sear
a few minutes the looks like this
that's enough for tomorrow
probably that's it too
same
i would like the same with the and
events coconut curry and gives
the rice and a bit more with why
I show you my cordial so far
freezer makes a bit of a
vegetable pan found danger and around
services also eternal white again
I have everything in my super i have
indeed brought me a glass of can you
give it a try I think the food
tastes of glass somehow better
I do not know why but from glass
the food tastes fresh and tasty
that may just be imagination
Plastic to it does not make me so fun
Although from this glass tober cost a
I 'll be a little bit more in the future
probably a few more
of course the perfect spoon here
there is a lot of war for it
perfect already a bit now
I mean chicken, but I also think so
at today in the video is there's even
not as a bit of a bit
tastes good here I have to say here
are now may not be the
optimal ingredients but of course
you can do it a bit bigger
Troop might be so bad
I've been trying to do that now
the vegetable is still frozen too
but it does not matter if I do that
after that stuff the microwave
then it looks up and is too
equal but the tastes of the
That's why I really promise you
no expensive food necessarily mine now
cards paprika broccoli chemistry boom and
that's it already
I 've been shooting around with video now
I needed about 30 minutes
without video calculation received so looks
it comes from the lid of it
namely that with then you come afterwards
another five minutes in the microwave
and you really have a super healthy
eat a lot of money for me you can still
play a bit with the spices
you can of course also others here
Taste sauce from uncle ben's
action a bunch of other vegetables from
maybe good meat or
I could also try chopped
there are many
variations tastes easy
thank you again thank you
which is further haitian worst
video I am thankful that her
watched and as I said I do
more videos more recipes now
be on the next few
follow training videos
I have expanded my gopro camera
I can not use it yet
I get the job done at the end of the week
again and then I will here I will
then the fitness student take as
do a few videos
a buddy still likely to take away
yes in any case thank you and until
next video how can i do it
still get my calories
without eating a lot now and without
Hold this weight gainer
drink